minimal plot (#78)
NLESC-JCER/run-cpp-on-web: show-me-the-visualization/README.md

## Vega-Lite specification

There [many ways to do visualizations](https://github.com/sorrycc/awesome-javascript#data-visualization) on the web. One
of our favorites is [Vega-Lite](https://vega.github.io/vega-lite/), a JavaScript library which describes a plot using a
JSON document called a _specification_.

The root finding algorithm tries to find the `x` where `y` is zero using a series of iterations.
Let's plot the iteration `index` against the `y` found in each iteration to see how quickly it converged to an answer.

> The generic structure of our Vega-Lite specification looks like this:

Reviewer: I see you replace the bullet list with pseudo code, use `<>` instead of `()` for more commonly used placeholder chars.

Author: done

</html>
```

> Combining the two snippets above and filling in their respective details yields an HTML document with the complete web app:

Reviewer: We are combining 3 snippets. Now snippet to get iteration data is 
```suggestion
Combining the three snippets above (get iteration data, Vega specification and vegaEmbed) and filling in their respective details yields an HTML document with the complete web app:
```
